How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

The command lists the content of both the files , the common lines were listed down once while both versions of the uncommon lines from the 2 files were listed down as well

2. How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

Having a list of all our old versions of a file helps us keep track of the changes that may have caused a specific bug , this saves hours of debugging time.

3. What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

A:Having the authority to save a file whenever we want helps us to keep the number of saves minimal and at the sam etime have meening full saves that will actually be useful when we look back at them.

4. Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

A: some programs require multiple files to run , so in the process of developing such a program it is important to save all the files at once .

5. How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

A:git log gives us a list of all the commits for that particular repository . GIt diff is used to find out the difference between any 2 files from the commit history.

6. What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

A: A folder has to be initialized into a repository so that the files created in that folder can be tracked and that all git commands work on the files.

7. How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

Staging area is a way of listing out all the files we want changed and committed to the repository . It helps us commit multiple files all at once.

8. How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

A: A logical change could involve a change in code in multiple files , so staging all the required files and committing them is a very effeciemt way of committing a logical change.

9. What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

A:The branch feature helps us to implement a doubtful improvisation on the code file without unnecessarily populationg the commit area . Finally only the successful version of branch is committed.

10. How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

A: diagrmas give us a visual map of how all the commits made , including both the master and branch commits.

11. What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

A: the result of merging 2 branches is a single project instance that contains a combination of features from both the project instances.
We represent merging that way to give the idea that - what was once 2 instances of the project will henceforth run as 1 single instance.

12.What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

A: pros - git has the technological sophistication to make the right merges 99% of the times so it saves developers a lot of time.cons - merging in gits auto merging will still reveal some conflicts in code.
